well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
trump's convention you know the one in
jacksonville
republican national convention and we're
going to talk about some guidelines that
got released
that aren't being talked about because a
quote came out with them
and everybody's looking at the first
sentence
of the quote the release
so the convention in jacksonville
it's been canned now if you don't know
the full backstory this was going to
happen in north carolina
they moved it because they didn't want
big crowds up there so they moved it to
jacksonville
then they realized it was probably not a
good idea to have big crowds
so they limited crowd size and now it's
just scrapped all together and it's
going to be done
virtually cool trump says he's doing it
to send the right message you know to
to kind of convey some leadership
i'm cool i'm with that and that sounds
good
the problem is at the exact same time
this is happening
his administration is still pushing for
all the school story open
and a quote came out today and
everybody's focusing on the first
sentence
of that quote
it is critically important for our
public health to
open schools this fall that's pretty
conclusive it is
critically important and this is the
this is the quote that's going around
let's add some context to this because
there's more to the quote
the cdc resources released today will
help parents teachers and administrators
make practical safety focused decisions
as this school year begins
okay so what do those resources say
it's critically important but you need
to look at the resources
and those resources give you guidelines
hand washing should occur pretty much
all the time
for no less than 20 seconds each for
each
student i'm sure there's going to be
enough syncs and
everything for that's not going to be a
problem at all you know we have been
underfunding teachers for years
they will figure it out they'll build
things you know we don't need to worry
about this
they got it they need to have adequate
supplies
of soap and hand sanitizer because you
know hand sanitizers are not in short
supply
again maybe they can do a science
project and make their own
they'll adapt it's what teachers do
they're all supposed to wear masks
we got grown adults who won't wear their
masks and when they don't and they throw
a temper tantrum and end up on youtube
what do we say they're acting like a
child but we expect the actual children
to do what they're supposed to
they need other supplies in the
classroom
hand sanitizer again paper towels tissue
disinfectant wipes you know because
those again
it's not like those are in short supply
i'm sure
there will be no problem getting them
once every school
in the country is trying to get their
hands on them
but again maybe they can just make their
own
they'll figure something out no worries
this is stuff that teachers need under
normal circumstances
that has to be donated by parents and
now they're going to need a whole lot
more
the schools are supposed to broadcast
regular announcements
on stopping the spread like some
dystopian science fiction novel
and in the same guidelines they're
supposed to take time to remind students
and give them skills to not think about
it
i don't know how that's going to work
they're supposed to disinfect
playgrounds
i'm assuming with lysol because that's
everywhere
you know i'm sure they can figure
something out janitors are resourceful
too they'll figure it out
no reason to worry they also need to
disinfect the buses
now i don't know how they're going to do
this as
children are using them these are shared
things but that's another thing
while they're talking about disinfecting
this stuff they're also saying you can't
use anything that is communal and
there's supposed to be no sharing at all
of like anything
you're supposed to open windows in the
classrooms
so you get outside air in however
you can't do that if a kid has asthma
here's one students should bring their
own water and food
one of the big things this entire time
one of the big talking points was you
know this may be the only
the only mill a student gets and rather
than addressing the actual
issue of poverty we rely on the school
but now by the guidelines no they need
to bring their own
kind of undercuts that talking point a
lot
they're supposed to social distance six
feet at all times
i don't know how that's supposed to work
either there's not
enough room in a classroom to do that
with the number of kids that we have
packed into classrooms because they're
underfunded
so we're going to have to open up more
classrooms build more schools hire more
teachers because it's not like there's a
teacher shortage or anything
they're supposed to find the money to
put up plastic dividers
at sinks and anywhere that students may
be near each other
they're supposed to stay six feet apart
even in lines
and i don't know if you've ever watched
children in
in a line but that seems
ambitious
supposed to skip rows on buses
to to maintain distance on buses which
means we need more buses
and more bus drivers and more money
because we're going to run the same
routes
more often let's close the dining halls
i guess that kind of goes without saying
because
kids are supposed to bring their own
food
there's going to be daily health checks
teachers also need a medical degree now
they'll be doing that i guess the school
nurse could
process every student that comes in
and they need backup staffing
for the teachers for the inevitable
occasion
when they get sick
now this is a huge list of stuff seems
pretty impractical
this is a fraction of one
of the pages there are more
this was just the stuff for school
administrators and not even all of that
this doesn't really seem feasible
it doesn't seem feasible now
i'm sure that the state government and
the county government
they will be completely honest with
everybody about how well they're keeping
people safe
i can't think of any situation in which
a state government or county government
just didn't tell the truth and a whole
bunch of people got sick
you know i actually when i said that i
was specifically thinking of flint
and and now that i've said it out loud i
realize
that that applies to a whole bunch of
stuff they actually have a really bad
track record with this
but don't worry it'll be different this
time with no money
and higher requirements even though they
weren't able to do the base requirements
a lot of times
now in this same release that that quote
got pulled from
there's a high risk moderate risk and
low risk
high risk is business as usual okay
moderate risk is this what i just
described
that's moderate risk and all the other
stuff that i didn't mention
this is moderate risk what is lowest
risk
students and teachers engage in virtual
only classes activities and events
that quote only using that first line
that's not bad journalism that's
straight up propaganda
they had this this is it's all part of
the same thing
but they're only using that first quote
um this doesn't seem feasible to me
not realistically i'm not a teacher but
i know a little bit about logistics
this is going to be really hard
our system our school system it doesn't
work
it doesn't work we're trying to
force this system to remain open
when in reality it wasn't that great to
begin with
necessities of the mother of invention
we need
something else it's time to innovate
it's time to move past
a system that has failed
and that the failure is not the fault of
the teachers or the administrators
it's our fault for not forcing the
politicians
to fund them
we need something new we need something
new
this doesn't seem like it's gonna hold
because we're not getting the leadership
that we actually need
even when he pretends to lead
this is going on behind the scenes
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day